[Polkadot Wiki Migration] How to Validate (Polkadot) (#45)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: infrastructure/running-a-node/setup-full-node.md

---
title: Set Up a Node

> description: Instructions on how to set up a node in accordance to your platform and the differences between different node types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to install, configure, and run Polkadot nodes, including setting up different node types and connecting to the network.
```

While working on index pages, saw that this was a little short. I'll review the rest of this PR tomorrow AM
